next up renal breaker first for gum all
over the stage Randall Raymond one
flight one wing pressing breadboard 141
kilos
next up Paul Gallen 2 fights 2 wins two
knockouts 103 point 5 kilos and of
course again our Randall has been a bit
of talk time and I'll be from your camp
farm anything that's got a pan here
tonight on then honestly if you're just
going to punish him for rounds yeah just
wanted sort of grew you know put on a
show for the fans
yeah I know seriously
yeah I'm saying yeah you watch this page
have a few quick flights between his arm
where did you see his weaknesses this
weaknesses may soon drop his hands a lot
I've comes forward I'm expecting the
best bog element on the night I know
it's not a lot of training to be
training with the best yeah look
understood spill anything a few just
bashing for four rounds sama points on
okay
there's that point there you can
document before I could but the best
thing I'll say one her sounds good man
this should be interesting yeah
obviously two fights - impressive wins
the first one in particular was no
slouch have you second hand axe market
really just to do it train for you have
really good can this time around I've
trained really well word something new
every day and you know the best thing
about this fight it's free to wear a lot
of clothes I don't get to see Doyle huge
Sonny Reynold for I hope they won't see
what they fought sunny at the end of
year or next year but gonna get through
something that's gonna the only thing on
my mind at the moment we're getting
there tomorrow night and they don't get
the job done and anything official
we just say good way to us despise each
other words it's getting stunning
awesome clothes
well good luck guys
grateful operator